Pardon me?
You and I are good friends.
When was I your best friend?
You you what you
You said it yourself.
You are the eldest lady of the Shen family
And I'm just a security guard
You don't look down on me at all
What? Did he really say that?
No, no, no.
Meifeng God of War, don't misunderstand
I was just kidding him.
Look at such a dangerous scene today
My dad and I came here to help him
So you know you have to respect me
Hmm, got it.
Just know, let's go
Hey wait what are you doing
Can you help me talk to the American adults?
Help me introduce the adult in front of me
I'm in a bad mood today and don't want to help you.
Wait until I'm in a good mood
Qin Zhan, can you stop being so hypocritical?
Why are you playing with me again?
Ok then you say
How can I introduce the Emperor to you?
I said see your performance
Mei Feng, you stay here to clean up the mess
I'm leaving first yeah
Is Mrs. Sister-in-law going to my house with Qin Zhan?
Dad, you and Auntie should go back first
Qin Zhan and I are still going back to the company to deal with things. Why?
Qin Zhan agreed to return to the company